Add note regarding singular contributions and radiative LDOS to tutorial on Brillouin-zone integration in 1D (#3255)
NanoComp/meep: doc/docs/Python_Tutorials/Custom_Source.md

![](../images/dipole_radiation_pattern_phi0_ey.png#center)

> As a final note, computing the [extraction efficiency of an LED](Local_Density_of_States.md#extraction-efficiency-of-a-light-emitting-diode-led) (not covered in this tutorial) requires the calculation of the total power emitted by the dipole. Generally, this *cannot* be done in the 1D approach outlined in this tutorial using the local density of states (LDOS) by summing the power from each point source (i.e. planewave) in the Brillouin-zone integration. This is because coupling into guided modes of the slab only occurs at discrete $k$ values which contribute delta-function terms to the Brillouin-zone integration. Singular contributions such as this cannot really be handled by numerical quadrature. The workaround is to use a **lossy system** involving a complex $\omega$. However, Brillouin-zone integration can be used to compute the power radiated into air (i.e., the "radiative LDOS") which depends on the dipole position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a final note, computing the [extraction efficiency of an LED](Local_Density_of_States.md#extraction-efficiency-of-a-light-emitting-diode-led) (not covered in this tutorial) requires the calculation of the total power emitted by the dipole. Generally, this *cannot* be done in the 1D approach outlined in this tutorial using the local density of states (LDOS) by summing the power from each point source (i.e. planewave) in the Brillouin-zone integration. This is because coupling into *lossless* guided modes of the slab only occurs at discrete $k$ values which contribute delta-function terms to the Brillouin-zone integrand. Singular contributions such as this cannot be directly handled by numerical quadrature. A workaround is to use a **lossy system**, for example a system where PML attenuates the waveguide modes (analogous to cylindrical-coordinates system in the LED tutorial linked above), or perhaps one adds a small imaginary part to $\varepsilon$ or $\omega$. Nevertheless, Brillouin-zone integration can still be used to compute the power *radiated* into air (i.e., the "radiative LDOS") which depends on the dipole position.
```
